Instructions for serving your Twitter archive on your own website. Your mileage may vary. I'm not an expert here, and used AI a lot, and I suggest you do too rather than asking me!


1. Download the Twitter archive. When I downloaded in January 2025, I got a single ZIP archive. In the root of that archive I see the following:
Your archive.html
assets/
data/

This is a fully functioning website, but not particularly useful.
I have only used the tweets.js file and the tweets_media subfolder, both under the data folder.

2. Create a new repository on GitHub called twitter_assets

3. Create the local version of what the new repo will look like.
Create a temporary folder on your computer
Copy all files data/tweets_media/* to this temporary folder
In a terminal (PowerShell, command prompt), cd to that temporary folder.
Run the Python script twitter_media_organize.py, which will move the media files into subfolders. This should help with speed later.

4. Make the temporary folder a git repository and upload it.
Still in that temporary folder, execute the following commands one by one, changing your GitHub account name as appropriate:
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Upload organized media archive"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/robbieandrew/twitter_assets.git
git push -u origin main

Then visit the new repo to see. It might take a few minutes to upload all the files.
https://github.com/robbieandrew/twitter_assets

5. The file tweets.js contains all of your tweets. Convert this to a pure json file by simply removing everything on the first line before the '['. Then save as tweets.json. This should be put in the root of your webpage, the same folder as index.html.

6. Ensure your webpage folder is laid out identically to mine: subfolders css, img, js.
Under the img folder, save your avatar (profile) picture as avatar.jpg

7. Edit the twitter_archive.js script to ensure it points to your GitHub repo, not mine! Also ensure that your username is used, instead of mine (robbie_andrew), and your display name for the top of the page. Links to your own tweets will show up on your page, while links to others' tweets will instead show as embedded tweets served from x.com.
Also edit index.html to change my name to yours.

Good luck!
Robbie Andrew, 16 May 2026
